------------------------
OpenZula srvutils (ozsrvutils)
------------------------

Introduction
========================

A collection of Bash scripts to control the management of clients
domains and emails on OpenZula servers.

These scripts offer the ability to add, edit and delete their specified
task and restart/reload any service/deamon required for the effects to
take place.

Credentials for things such as domains, emails etc are stored in flat
files (with passwords in plaintext) under the directory controlled by
"cfgVarStateDir" (default is /var/lib/ozsrvutils).


Usage
========================

The "srvutils" package contains multiple Bash scripts, however the only
one that should be called directly is "ozmanage". This script must be
run as root and will not function as any other user.

Users of Debian which have installed our official package will have the
command "ozmanage" located at "/usr/bin/ozmanage" to use, please use
this instead of directly calling "ozmanage".

To view the help simply use the "-h" flag, i.e:

	ozmanage -h

This will display all of the available "actions" that can be used
("domain", "email" etc). These are designed to manage their specified
task and most commands will provided the ability to add and delete.

Each action has its own help which again ca be viewed using the "-h"
flag, e.g:

	ozmanage domain -h


Configuration
========================

The main configuration file is located in "config/config.cfg" which
gets sourced from the main "ozmange" script. This file is well
documented its self so I shall not explain the configuration options
here, please refer to this file.

Some actions offer hooks, which allows you to add additional
functionaility when certain things take place. An example of this is
the "domain" action which offers post hooks for when a domain has been
created or deleted.

Hooks are located in the configuration directory which a sub directory
named "{post,pre}-{action}-{add,edit,...}.d", e.g:

	"config/post-domain-add.d"

In these directories, any file that ends in "" will be executed
(therefor the file must be +x).


Hook environment vars
========================

The following environemnt vars are provided for hook scripts to use.

post-domain-add:
	OZ_USER				Local user account name
	OZ_DOMAIN_NAME		Domain name
	OZ_DOMAIN_PATH		Path to the domain directory (not docroot)

post-domain-delete:
	OZ_USER				Local user account name
	OZ_DOMAIN_NAME		Domain name
	OZ_DOMAIN_PATH		Path to the domain directory (not docroot)

post-email-add:
	OZ_EMAIL			Email address that was added

post-email-delete:
	OZ_EMAIL			Email address that was deleted

post-email-chpasswd:
	OZ_EMAIL			Email address the password was changed for


END OF README